well howdy there internet people is bub
again so today we're going to talk about
sound bites and context so I was
actually planning on doing this video at
some point in the future but somebody
brought the speech up in the comments
section the other days up here go ahead
and do it now speech was gonna use to
illustrate this is one of Kennedy's he
said it and I won't say 1961 but it's
pointed to as the reason he got killed
now in this speech he says that we are
opposed around the world by ruthless and
monolithic conspiracy that relies
primarily on covert means man who is he
talking about
haha that's crazy who's coming after us
and in that same speech and a good sound
by the very word secrecy is repugnant in
a free and open society man that's great
that's good I like that see here's the
thing though those are the sound bites
and that's why people point to it and
they say see he was gonna go after pick
your boogeyman pit pit pick your
conspiracy theory boogeyman whatever it
is the Illuminati the bilderbergs
whatever okay that's why they killed him
because he was going to go after their
ruthless and monolithic conspiracy of
course if you read the whole speech is
really clear context it's important the
conspiracy well that's the Soviet Union
and that entire speech that included the
phrase
that secrecy is repugnant in a free and
open society the entire speech the
entire point of the speech was to get
journalists editors and publishers to
censor themselves in the same speech he
says you should ask two questions he
News and is it interest or in the
interest of national security see the
soundbite what gets quoted what gets
used is the exact opposite of what the
speech was really about and what he
really wanted to achieve with it context
it's really important and today the
world runs on sound fights you know that
attention span has gotten so short
because of 24-hour news and and well
social media you know people tell me all
the time I need to shorten my videos to
less than three minutes
can't do it to long-winded twitter
twitter is nothing but visual sound
bytes and the problem with it is you
don't have to have any substance you
don't have to say anything that matters
you just have to be witty you don't have
to defend what you say you just make
your little tweet and then your
supporters will defend it tell me it's
not true with every politician you know
even the ones you like and that's
dangerous that is very very dangerous
and I prove it
why are we in Syria why did we get
involved in Syria
well because of civil war broke out why
we started it the u.s. started it the
u.s. and the United Kingdom got together
and they pretty much started that war
they started that civil war and they
used as his justification as a pretext
for intervention because they wanted to
oust Assad then ongoing the plan had
been in motion since I want to say 2006
there's a lot of theories on why I lean
towards a pipeline theory there were two
competing pipelines one backed by our
you know good friends and allies the
Saudis the journalists killers and the
others backed by Iran and they wanted
the Saudi pipeline to go through they
weren't certain that Assad was going to
play ball so they wanted to get rid of
it
that's the context
everything else it's a show it's
theatrics that's really what went down
the fact that the u.s. and the UK pumped
money into Syria to fund the propaganda
to start the civil war very
well-documented it was done through
sound bites you can't listen to them you
got to look at the bigger picture you
have to look at the bigger picture if
you want to understand what's going on
in the world you have to look beyond the
sound bytes everything is interconnected
today not just through communication I
mean that's instant and worldwide but
business all those interests are linked
so if you want to understand what's
going on never read a press release
never listen to a sound buy you have to
look at that bigger picture at all times
propaganda is coming into a golden age
right now it's it's infectious you have
entire news networks that are devoted to
supporting a single political party and
everybody's gonna point to one or the
other because there's a couple of them
out there but you know they bring in the
opposition we're balanced we're gonna
let this person talk from the other side
but they intentionally find the dumbest
person they can find
it's propaganda and you're inundated
with it all day every day and most times
the soundbite
just like in Kennedy's speech it's the
exact opposite of what's really being
said and really being done anyway it's
just just an observation most of my
adult life has been spent in one way or
another processing information taking it
and distilling it taking a whole bunch
of information and getting down to
what's actually important so what I
still do with these videos I guess
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
nice night enjoy your weekend